game of thrones the kings road season 1
episode 2
welcome back to popcorn time movie
digest today i will show you a medieval
fantasy television series from 2011
titled game of thrones the kings road
spoilers alert watch out and take care
across the narrow sea the dothraki led
by carl drogo has departed pentos and is
heading east they travel away from the
free cities and into the dothraki sea
the long grass plains that the dothraki
call home
sarah jorah mormont approaches daenerys
who looks visibly depressed he says that
she musty but daenerys doesn't like the
horse me
jorah says that the dothraki have two
things in abundance horses and grass and
that people can't survive on grass
jorah sees denny staring at drogo and he
tells her that it will get easier the
khalasar may camp and daenerys has
helped off her horse and carried into
her tent by her new handmaidens
jorah approaches viserys and tells him
that illyrio has extended the
hospitality of pentos to him so that he
doesn't have to travel with the khalasar
viserys rejects this saying that he'll
stay with the khalasar until drogo
fulfills his promise and gives him an
army viserys inquires about why jorah
fled westeros and he tells him that he
caught some poachers on his land so he
tried to sell them into slavery when ned
stark found out and intended to execute
him he fled across the narrow sea
viserys laughs at the notion saying such
trivialities would not be punished under
his reign
that night drogo spends time drinking
with his warriors before going into his
tent to pay a visit to daenerys he
violently takes her from behind she
cries but finds solace and smiles at the
sight of her three dragon eggs
the next morning daenerys is being
tended to by her three handmaidens
she asks her handmaidens if they have
ever heard of dragon surviving in the
east
they reply no but doria tells her an old
story about how there used to be two
moons in the sky
one wandered too close to the sun and
cracked like an egg spilling out
thousands of dragons into the world the
others dismiss this saying that the moon
is a goddess wife to the sun
daenerys sends them out so she can talk
to doria alone
she asks how she knew this and doria
tells her that before she was given to
her she was a pleasure girl and that men
would tell her plenty of stories when
they were happy daenerys asks her if she
can help her make drogo happy and she
says that she can
later that night doria is stranding
daenerys on top of her and giving her
tips on lovemaking
she tells daenerys that she must look
drogo in the eyes while they are having
sex
daenerys says that she doesn't think
drogo will like it with her on top but
doria dismisses this saying that the
dothraki takes slaves like a hound takes
a female dog doria tells daenerys you
are no slave and that daenerys should
not make love like one daenerys climbs
on top of dorian and doria says that
inside their tent daenerys is drogoz is
queen
later drogo enters their tent completely
naked and approaches dany who is lying
down
he grabs her and tries to turn her
around but she refuses and tells him in
dothraki that she wants to look into his
eyes he relents and she climbs on top of
him and they start having sex
meanwhile in winterfell tyrion wakes up
in the kennels among the dogs
joffrey says that they're to set off for
king's landing that day
tyrion lannister insists to his nephew
joffrey that joffrey pay his respects to
lord and lady stark since his absence
has been noted
joffrey refuses saying that he doesn't
care about bran and that he can't stand
the wailing of women tyrion slaps
joffrey three times until he accepts his
uncle's suggestion
joffrey scurries away
chandra tells tyrion that joffrey will
remember that tyrion says that he hopes
he will
tyrion turns and walks away going to
breakfast
inside the great hall the other
lannisters are already eating tyrion
orders breakfast and sits down with them
he informs them of his decision to
journey north to see the wall before
returning to king's landing myrcella
asks tyrion if bran will live to which
tyrion says that bran is expected to
live and note cersei and jaime's guarded
reactions
cersei remarks that it's no kindness to
let him linger in such pain
she also expresses her disapproval of
tyrion going north to visit the wall
jamie says that he hopes tyrion doesn't
intend to join the night's watch
tyrion says he only wishes to piss off
the edge of the world
cersei is disgusted and takes tommen and
murcello away
jamie says that he'd rather have a quick
clean death and living as a [ __ ]
tyrion says that he is eager to hear
what bran has to say
jamie glare said tyrion and asks whose
side he's on implying that tyrion knows
about the incest
tyrion assures him that he is loyal to
their family
cersei visits caitlyn stark who is
sitting by her son's side and tells her
that her first child a beautiful
black-haired boy died of a fever she and
robert were grief-stricken and her
prayers and tears were for naught
caitlyn says that she had no idea about
this and cersei says she will pray for
bran
caitlyn thanks her and cersei says that
maybe this time the gods will listen
jamie approaches john who is at the
forge having a sword made
he talks to john about the night's watch
and is openly mocking them
john says that we've guarded the realm
for thousands of years
jaime asks if john's taken his vows yet
to which he says he hasn't jamie shakes
john's hand and offers his thanks for
his services clearly being sarcastic
john visits arya who is packing her
clothes away she complains about it and
is annoyed when her dire wolf nymeria
refuses to help her
john gives her the sword he had made for
her
it's a small rapier so it can only stab
not slash
he tells arya that the first lesson of
sword fighting is stick them with a
pointy end arya names her sword needle
in mocking of sansa and her needlework
john urges arya to practice every chance
she gets and they hug
john visits bran to say goodbye but
caitlyn shows him disdain and coldness
john ignores her and tells the comados
brand that he's going north with uncle
benjen to join the night's watch and
that bran can visit him when he wakes up
caitlyn tells john to leave and ned
enters the room neden says his goodbyes
to his son and to aggrieve caitlyn who
is angered at his departure while bran
remains ill
she tells him that when he rode south to
war with robert he came back with
another woman's son
ned tells cat that she has to be strong
and leaves
as john readies his horse rob approaches
he asks if john said goodbye to bran and
if cat was kind towards him
jon says that she was and rob is
relieved they hug each other before they
depart hoping to see each other soon
meanwhile on king's road near winterfell
ned approaches john
he tells him that there's great honor in
serving in the night's watch and that
the starks have manned the wall for
years
ned tells jon you are a stark you might
not have my name but you have my blood
john asked if his mother knows about him
ned appears pained at the question he
promises john to tell him about his
mother the next time they see one
another
days later on the king's road south to
the capitol robert and ned reminisce on
the old days and women that they know a
curious robert asks ned about wyala the
mother of his bastard son but ned
refuses to enlighten him robert says ned
is too hard on himself
he reminds him that at that time they
were in the middle of a war and no one
knew if they would ever return to their
families king robert baratheon calls a
halt to discuss with ned some dire news
that has just arrived
robert spies have learned of daenerys
targaryen's marriage to call drogo whose
khalasar is reported to number over 100
000 warriors
ned points out that the dothraki cannot
cross the narrow sea as they have no
ships but robert is concerned that the
seven kingdoms will soon face another
war
traveling north john tyrion and benjen
may camp and john stares at the recruits
that are going to the wall
john asks tyrion why he reads so much
tyrion tells him that my brother has his
sword and i have my books and a mind
needs books like a sword needs a
whetstone tyrion tells jon that the
night's watch is not the noble
institution it was once was idealized
with glorious knights defending the
realm against the horrors lurking beyond
the wall he tells john that he is smart
enough to realize that then gives john
wine to drink
after several days john's party crests
arise and sees the wall before them
benjen welcomes them and tyrion seems
impressed by the wall sheer size
back in winterfell maester lewin visits
kat and tells her that she has to look
over the account since the royal visit
cost them quite a bit of money
caitlyn's refusal to leave bran's side
is starting to cause problems for the
smooth running of the castle rob offers
to work with maester lewin and says that
he'll handle it lewin is grateful and
leaves
rob tells caitlyn that she's been at
bran's side for weeks and that rickon
needs her since he doesn't understand
what is happening
rob sees a fire outside and rushes out
of the room
it turns out that the fire is just a
distraction to allow an assassin to
attempt to finish off bran
caitlyn holds the assassin off long
enough for bran's dire wolf to enter the
chamber
summer rips out the man's throat and
lies down on the bed by bran
the next day caitlyn explores the tower
that bran fell from and notices a long
golden hair on the ground
she summons rob theon lewin and the
castle master at arms sarah roderick
castle
she tells them that she suspects that
the lannisters tried to kill bran
because he might have seen something in
the tower
sir roderick shows them the dagger the
assassin used which was valor and steel
it is expensive and rare for such amanda
wield
rob and theon are all for making war but
lewin schools them to caution caitlyn
decides that ned must know the truth and
resolves to travel south to king's
landing and meet him there
rob offers to go in her stead but she
tells him that there must always be a
stark in winterfell
sarah rodrick will escort caitlyn while
rob will remain in winterfell to take
charge of the castle and caitlyn's
absence
on the kings road the royal party
reaches the end of the crossroads a
noted way stop on the way south to the
capitol
sansa while exploring with her dire wolf
lady encounters sir linpay
shandor clegane prince joffrey's
bodyguard approaches and introduces
sansa to sir ellen payne the king's
headsman a frightening looking man who
had his tongue torn out on the orders of
the mad king many years ago joffrey
saves sansa from this unpleasantness and
takes her for a walk along the riverbank
as they explore the forest they find
arya practicing her sword work with
micah the son of the party's butcher
arya tells them to go away if they
approach
joffrey takes out his sword and starts
taunting the butcher's boy
joffrey tells him that he isn't a real
knight and raises his sword to the boy's
face
arya begs joffrey not to hurt him and
joffrey says that he won't hurt him much
he starts to gleefully cut micah's face
with his sword but an outraged arya hits
him on the head with a stick joffrey
quickly becomes violent and threatens
arya at sword point but before he can
hurt her arya's dire wolf nymeria
attacks joffrey biting at his arm
micah runs off and arya throws joffrey's
sword in the river before running off
herself
sansa tries to help joffrey but he
spitefully tells her to leave him alone
and go for help
arya tells nymeria to run away since if
she is caught she will be killed for
attacking joffrey when nymeria doesn't
move arya picks up a rock and throws it
at her it hits nymeria and she runs away
that night ned and ends man search the
forest for arya jory castle approaches
ned and tells him that arya has been
found by the lannisters and taken before
the king
ned orders all of his men back to the
end
ned pushes past all of the lannister
soldiers and embraces arya who begs his
forgiveness
ned demands to know why arya wasn't
taken to him first
cersei warns ned about his tone but
robert shuts her up and apologizes to
ned
cersei and joffrey accuse arya and the
butcher's boy of attacking joffrey after
he was bitten by nymeria arya denies
this and says joffrey is lying
cersei calls sansa forwards who is asked
what happened
she tells them that she can't remember
arya calls her a liar and attacks her
sister
the king decides to let ned
disciplinaria while he will do the same
to joffrey but cersei demands that the
dire wolf be executed a lannister
soldier says that they can't find the
wolf
cersei says that they have another one
chained outside but sansa and arya point
out that that's lady not nymeria and
that lady is innocent sansa begs ned not
to let them kill her ned asks robert
what his decision is but the king just
leaves and doesn't say anything
cersei orders a lin payne to kill the
dire wolf but ned says he'll do it
himself since the wolf is of the north
and deserves a better death
as he leaves the end ned passes shandor
clegane who has the corpse of the
butcher's boy slung over the back on his
horse clegane tells ned that the boy ran
but not fast enough
ned kneels before lady and pats her
before taking out his dagger and killing
the dire wolf
back in winterfell bran wakes up
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching